= YeqsJquery

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.

== Installation

Install yeqs_jquery as a gem and get it work with your rails 3 applications.

  gem install yeqs_jquery

Add yeqs_jquery to your Gemfile.

  gem 'yeqs_jquery'

Generate the assets of jquery related components.

  rails g yeqs:jquery core
  rails g yeqs:jquery ui
  rails g yeqs:jquery tools
  rails g yeqs:jquery rails
  rails g yeqs:jquery highcharts

== Usage

Jquery is the basic component of all the jquery related components. You should include jquery component in your views at first.

  <%= include_jquery %>

this will produce html like:

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/components/jquery/jquery-1.4.2.min.js"></script>

In order to use jqueryui, you should include jqueryui scripts and stylesheets in your views.

  <%= include_jqueryui %>

this will produce html like:

  <link type="text/css" media="screen" ref="stylesheet" href="/components/jqueryui/css/smoothness/jquery-ui-1.8.2.custom.css" />
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/components/jqueryui/js/jquery-ui-1.8.2.custom.min.js"></script>

In order to use jquerytools, you should include jquerytools scripts in your views.

  <%= include_jquerytools %>

this will produce html like:

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/components/jquerytools/jquery.tools.min.js"></script>

In order to use jquery rails support, you should include jquery rails scripts in your views.

  <%= include_jqueryrails %>

this will produce html like:

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/components/jqueryrails/rails.js"></script>

In order to use highcharts, you should include highcharts scripts in your views.

  <%= include_jqueryhighcharts %>

this will produce html like:

  <script type="text/javascript" src="/components/jqueryhighcharts/js/highcharts.js"></script>

Create chart:

  <%= highchart(:pie, @series) do |o|
    o.render_to = 'pie-container'
    o.title = 'Pie chart for test'
    o.tooltip = "'<b>' + this.name + ': </b>' + this.y + '%'"
    o.width = 800
    o.height = 400
  end %>

  # @series = [{ :data => [['Label A', 10], ['Label B', 20], ['Label C', 70]] }]
